aborand: transitive
aborandin: transitive
aborîn: transitive
acizand: transitive
acizandin: transitive
acizîn: transitive
afirand: transitive
afirandin: transitive
afirîn: transitive
agihand: transitive
agihandin: transitive
agihîn: transitive
ajo: transitive
ajot: transitive
ajotin: transitive
al: intransitive
aland: transitive
alandin: transitive
aliqand: transitive
aliqandin: transitive
aliqîn: transitive
alizand: transitive
alizandin: transitive
alizîn: transitive
alî: intransitive
alîn: transitive
alîn: intransitive
anî: transitive
anîn: transitive
arand: transitive
arandin: transitive
arast: transitive
arastin: transitive
arîn: transitive
avisand: transitive
avisandin: transitive
avisîn: transitive
awand: transitive
awandin: transitive
awîn: transitive
axiv: intransitive
axivî: intransitive
axivîn: intransitive
azirand: transitive
azirandin: transitive
azirîn: transitive
b: transitive
barand: transitive
barandin: transitive
barîn: transitive
bawerand: transitive
bawerandin: transitive
bawerîn: transitive
beliqand: transitive
beliqandin: transitive
beliqîn: transitive
belqitand: transitive
belqitandin: transitive
belqitîn: transitive
betil: intransitive
betiland: transitive
betilandin: transitive
betilî: intransitive
betilîn: transitive
betilîn: intransitive
bez: intransitive
bezand: transitive
bezandin: transitive
bezî: intransitive
bezîn: transitive
bezîn: intransitive
bihîstin: transitive
bij: intransitive
bijand: transitive
bijandin: transitive
bijart: transitive
bijartin: transitive
bijî: intransitive
bijîn: transitive
bijîn: intransitive
bir: transitive
bir: transitive
birin: transitive
biriqand: transitive
biriqandin: transitive
biriqîn: transitive
birisand: transitive
birisandin: transitive
birisîn: transitive
birî: transitive
birîn: transitive
biz: intransitive
bizdand: transitive
bizdandin: transitive
bizdîn: transitive
bizivand: transitive
bizivandin: transitive
bizivîn: transitive
bizî: intransitive
bizîn: intransitive
bor: intransitive
borand: transitive
borandin: transitive
borî: intransitive
borîn: transitive
borîn: intransitive
bîn: transitive
bîst: transitive
bîz: transitive
camis: intransitive
camisî: intransitive
camisîn: intransitive
carand: transitive
carandin: transitive
carîn: transitive
cebirand: transitive
cebirandin: transitive
cebirîn: transitive
cehim: intransitive
cehimand: transitive
cehimandin: transitive
cehimî: intransitive
cehimîn: transitive
cehimîn: intransitive
cemid: intransitive
cemidand: transitive
cemidandin: transitive
cemidî: intransitive
cemidîn: transitive
cemidîn: intransitive
cemisand: transitive
cemisandin: transitive
cemisîn: transitive
ceriband: transitive
ceribandin: transitive
ceribîn: transitive
cesasand: transitive
cesasandin: transitive
cesasîn: transitive
cilixand: transitive
cilixandin: transitive
cilixîn: transitive
cirifand: transitive
cirifandin: transitive
cirifîn: transitive
civ: intransitive
civand: transitive
civandin: transitive
civirand: transitive
civirandin: transitive
civirîn: transitive
civî: intransitive
civîn: transitive
civîn: intransitive
cixirand: transitive
cixirandin: transitive
cixirîn: transitive
coland: transitive
colandin: transitive
colîn: transitive
d: transitive
da: transitive
dabiland: transitive
dabilandin: transitive
dabilîn: transitive
daliqand: transitive
daliqandin: transitive
daliqîn: transitive
damikand: transitive
damikandin: transitive
damikîn: transitive
dan: transitive
darizand: transitive
darizandin: transitive
darizîn: transitive
daxuyand: transitive
daxuyandin: transitive
daxuyîn: transitive
definand: transitive
definandin: transitive
definîn: transitive
dehand: transitive
dehandin: transitive
dehfand: transitive
dehfandin: transitive
dehfîn: transitive
dehimand: transitive
dehimandin: transitive
dehimîn: transitive
dehîn: transitive
dengand: transitive
dengandin: transitive
dengîn: transitive
deqand: transitive
deqandin: transitive
deqisand: transitive
deqisandin: transitive
deqisîn: transitive
deqîn: transitive
derand: transitive
derandin: transitive
derewand: transitive
derewandin: transitive
derewîn: transitive
derîn: transitive
dewisand: transitive
dewisandin: transitive
dewisîn: transitive
dir: intransitive
dirand: transitive
dirandin: transitive
dirikand: transitive
dirikandin: transitive
dirikîn: transitive
dirixand: transitive
dirixandin: transitive
dirixîn: transitive
dirî: intransitive
dirîn: transitive
dirîn: intransitive
diz: transitive
dizî: transitive
dizîn: transitive
doland: transitive
dolandin: transitive
dolîn: transitive
domand: transitive
domandin: transitive
domîn: transitive
dorand: transitive
dorandin: transitive
dorîn: transitive
dît: transitive
dîtin: transitive
eband: transitive
ebandin: transitive
ebîn: transitive
eciband: transitive
ecibandin: transitive
ecibîn: transitive
eciq: intransitive
eciqand: transitive
eciqandin: transitive
eciqî: intransitive
eciqîn: transitive
eciqîn: intransitive
ediland: transitive
edilandin: transitive
edilîn: transitive
elimand: transitive
elimandin: transitive
elimîn: transitive
emiland: transitive
emilandin: transitive
emilîn: transitive
engizand: transitive
engizandin: transitive
engizîn: transitive
enirand: transitive
enirandin: transitive
enirrand: transitive
enirrandin: transitive
enirrîn: transitive
enirîn: transitive
enit: intransitive
enitand: transitive
enitandin: transitive
enitî: intransitive
enitîn: transitive
enitîn: intransitive
ereband: transitive
erebandin: transitive
erebîn: transitive
esirand: transitive
esirandin: transitive
esirîn: transitive
evand: transitive
evandin: transitive
evîn: transitive
eyisand: transitive
eyisandin: transitive
eyisîn: transitive
ezimand: transitive
ezimandin: transitive
ezimîn: transitive
farisand: transitive
farisandin: transitive
farisîn: transitive
fehmand: transitive
fehmandin: transitive
fehmîn: transitive
fericand: transitive
fericandin: transitive
fericîn: transitive
fesiland: transitive
fesilandin: transitive
fesilîn: transitive
fesixand: transitive
fesixandin: transitive
fesixîn: transitive
fetihand: transitive
fetihandin: transitive
fetihîn: transitive
fetil: intransitive
fetilî: intransitive
fetilîn: intransitive
fetis: intransitive
fetisand: transitive
fetisandin: transitive
fetisî: intransitive
fetisîn: transitive
fetisîn: intransitive
fikirand: transitive
fikirandin: transitive
fikirîn: transitive
filit: intransitive
filitand: transitive
filitandin: transitive
filitî: intransitive
filitîn: transitive
filitîn: intransitive
fir: intransitive
firand: transitive
firandin: transitive
firdik: intransitive
firdikî: intransitive
firdikîn: intransitive
firikand: transitive
firikandin: transitive
firikîn: transitive
firot: transitive
firotin: transitive
firî: intransitive
firîn: transitive
firîn: intransitive
fisand: transitive
fisandin: transitive
fisîn: transitive
fitil: intransitive
fitilî: intransitive
fitilîn: intransitive
fitiqand: transitive
fitiqandin: transitive
fitiqîn: transitive
fîkand: transitive
fîkandin: transitive
fîkîn: transitive
gedand: transitive
gedandin: transitive
gedîn: transitive
gefand: transitive
gefandin: transitive
gefîn: transitive
gemirand: transitive
gemirandin: transitive
gemirîn: transitive
ger: intransitive
gerand: transitive
gerandin: transitive
gerr: intransitive
gerrî: intransitive
gerrîn: intransitive
gerî: intransitive
gerîn: transitive
gerîn: intransitive
gevizand: transitive
gevizandin: transitive
gevizîn: transitive
gezand: transitive
gezandin: transitive
gezîn: transitive
gih: intransitive
gihand: transitive
gihandin: transitive
gihîn: transitive
gijoland: transitive
gijolandin: transitive
gijolîn: transitive
gilgiland: transitive
gilgilandin: transitive
gilgilîn: transitive
gindir: intransitive
gindirand: transitive
gindirandin: transitive
gindirî: intransitive
gindirîn: transitive
gindirîn: intransitive
gir: transitive
giriyand: transitive
giriyandin: transitive
giriyîn: transitive
girnijand: transitive
girnijandin: transitive
girnijîn: transitive
girt: transitive
girtin: transitive
girî: intransitive
girî: intransitive
girîn: intransitive
givirand: transitive
givirandin: transitive
givirîn: transitive
gonand: transitive
gonandin: transitive
gonîn: transitive
got: transitive
gotin: transitive
guhart: transitive
guhartin: transitive
guher: intransitive
guherand: transitive
guherandin: transitive
guherî: intransitive
guherîn: transitive
guherîn: intransitive
guncand: transitive
guncandin: transitive
guncîn: transitive
gurand: transitive
gurandin: transitive
gurîn: transitive
hat: intransitive
hatin: intransitive
heband: transitive
hebandin: transitive
hebîn: transitive
hedand: transitive
hedandin: transitive
hedimand: transitive
hedimandin: transitive
hedimîn: transitive
hedir: intransitive
hedirî: intransitive
hedirîn: intransitive
hedîn: transitive
hej: intransitive
hejand: transitive
hejandin: transitive
hejmartin: transitive
hejî: intransitive
hejîn: transitive
hejîn: intransitive
hel: intransitive
heland: transitive
helandin: transitive
helisand: transitive
helisandin: transitive
helisîn: transitive
helî: intransitive
helîn: transitive
helîn: intransitive
hemiland: transitive
hemilandin: transitive
hemilîn: transitive
hencand: transitive
hencandin: transitive
hencîn: transitive
herifand: transitive
herifandin: transitive
herifîn: transitive
herik: intransitive
herikand: transitive
herikandin: transitive
herikî: intransitive
herikîn: transitive
herikîn: intransitive
herim: intransitive
herimand: transitive
herimandin: transitive
herimî: intransitive
herimîn: transitive
herimîn: intransitive
herrikand: transitive
herrikandin: transitive
herrikîn: transitive
herrimand: transitive
herrimandin: transitive
herrimîn: transitive
hesiband: transitive
hesibandin: transitive
hesibîn: transitive
hetik: intransitive
hetikand: transitive
hetikandin: transitive
hetikî: intransitive
hetikîn: transitive
hetikîn: intransitive
hetirand: transitive
hetirandin: transitive
hetirîn: transitive
hevsengand: transitive
hevsengandin: transitive
hevsengîn: transitive
hewand: transitive
hewandin: transitive
hewesand: transitive
hewesandin: transitive
hewesîn: transitive
hewiland: transitive
hewilandin: transitive
hewilîn: transitive
hewirand: transitive
hewirandin: transitive
hewirîn: transitive
hewisand: transitive
hewisandin: transitive
hewisîn: transitive
hewîn: transitive
heyirand: transitive
heyirandin: transitive
heyirîn: transitive
hezand: transitive
hezandin: transitive
heziqand: transitive
heziqandin: transitive
heziqîn: transitive
hezîn: transitive
hijiqand: transitive
hijiqandin: transitive
hijiqîn: transitive
hilisand: transitive
hilisandin: transitive
hilisîn: transitive
hindirand: transitive
hindirandin: transitive
hindirîn: transitive
hingand: transitive
hingandin: transitive
hingîn: transitive
hundirand: transitive
hundirandin: transitive
hundirîn: transitive
jehrand: transitive
jehrandin: transitive
jehrîn: transitive
jenand: transitive
jenandin: transitive
jenîn: transitive
jimart: transitive
jiyand: transitive
jiyandin: transitive
jiyîn: transitive
jî: intransitive
jî: intransitive
jîn: intransitive
k: transitive
kar: transitive
karand: transitive
karandin: transitive
karî: transitive
karîn: transitive
karîn: transitive
kaviland: transitive
kavilandin: transitive
kavilîn: transitive
kefand: transitive
kefandin: transitive
kefiland: transitive
kefilandin: transitive
kefilîn: transitive
kefîn: transitive
keland: transitive
kelandin: transitive
kelîn: transitive
kemiland: transitive
kemilandin: transitive
kemilîn: transitive
ken: intransitive
kenand: transitive
kenandin: transitive
kenî: intransitive
kenîn: transitive
kenîn: intransitive
kerif: intransitive
kerifî: intransitive
kerifîn: intransitive
keritand: transitive
keritandin: transitive
keritîn: transitive
kerix: intransitive
kerixand: transitive
kerixandin: transitive
kerixî: intransitive
kerixîn: transitive
kerixîn: intransitive
kerrix: intransitive
kerrixî: intransitive
kerrixîn: intransitive
kesidand: transitive
kesidandin: transitive
kesidîn: transitive
kesixand: transitive
kesixandin: transitive
kesixîn: transitive
ket: intransitive
ketin: intransitive
kev: intransitive
kewand: transitive
kewandin: transitive
kewitand: transitive
kewitandin: transitive
kewitîn: transitive
kewîn: transitive
kiland: transitive
kilandin: transitive
kilîn: transitive
kincand: transitive
kincandin: transitive
kincîn: transitive
kir: transitive
kir: transitive
kirand: transitive
kirandin: transitive
kirin: transitive
kirkitand: transitive
kirkitandin: transitive
kirkitîn: transitive
kirpand: transitive
kirpandin: transitive
kirpîn: transitive
kirr: transitive
kirrî: transitive
kirrîn: transitive
kirî: transitive
kirîn: transitive
kirîn: transitive
kitkitand: transitive
kitkitandin: transitive
kitkitîn: transitive
kizand: transitive
kizandin: transitive
kizirand: transitive
kizirandin: transitive
kizirîn: transitive
kizîn: transitive
kol: transitive
koland: transitive
kolandin: transitive
kolî: transitive
kolîn: transitive
kolîn: transitive
kudand: transitive
kudandin: transitive
kudîn: transitive
kuj: transitive
kul: intransitive
kulî: intransitive
kulîn: intransitive
kurdand: transitive
kurdandin: transitive
kurdîn: transitive
kutkutand: transitive
kutkutandin: transitive
kutkutîn: transitive
kux: transitive
kuxîm: transitive
kuxîn: transitive
kuzirand: transitive
kuzirandin: transitive
kuzirîn: transitive
kîtand: transitive
kîtandin: transitive
kîtîn: transitive
lebit: intransitive
lebitand: transitive
lebitandin: transitive
lebitî: intransitive
lebitîn: transitive
lebitîn: intransitive
lefand: transitive
lefandin: transitive
lefîn: transitive
lepit: intransitive
lepitî: intransitive
lepitîn: intransitive
leqand: transitive
leqandin: transitive
leqîn: transitive
lerizand: transitive
lerizandin: transitive
lerizîn: transitive
lewerand: transitive
lewerandin: transitive
lewerîn: transitive
lewitand: transitive
lewitandin: transitive
lewitîn: transitive
lezand: transitive
lezandin: transitive
lezîn: transitive
ligligand: transitive
ligligandin: transitive
ligligîn: transitive
lipit: intransitive
lipitî: intransitive
lipitîn: intransitive
liv: intransitive
livand: transitive
livandin: transitive
livî: intransitive
livîn: transitive
livîn: intransitive
loband: transitive
lobandin: transitive
lobîn: transitive
lopij: intransitive
lopijî: intransitive
lopijîn: intransitive
loqand: transitive
loqandin: transitive
loqîn: transitive
lîland: transitive
lîlandin: transitive
lîlîn: transitive
lîrand: transitive
lîrandin: transitive
lîrîn: transitive
lîst: intransitive
lîstand: transitive
lîstandin: transitive
lîstin: intransitive
lîstîn: transitive
lîz: intransitive
ma: intransitive
man: intransitive
melisand: transitive
melisandin: transitive
melisîn: transitive
mercand: transitive
mercandin: transitive
mercîn: transitive
merisand: transitive
merisandin: transitive
merisîn: transitive
merzand: transitive
merzandin: transitive
merzîn: transitive
meyand: transitive
meyandin: transitive
meyzand: transitive
meyzandin: transitive
meyîn: transitive
minminand: transitive
minminandin: transitive
minminîn: transitive
mir: intransitive
mir: intransitive
mirand: transitive
mirandin: transitive
mirin: intransitive
mirîn: transitive
misand: transitive
misandin: transitive
misîn: transitive
miyawand: transitive
miyawandin: transitive
miyawîn: transitive
mizicand: transitive
mizicandin: transitive
mizicîn: transitive
mizirand: transitive
mizirandin: transitive
mizirîn: transitive
mîn: intransitive
nas: transitive
nasand: transitive
nasandin: transitive
nasî: transitive
nasîn: transitive
nasîn: transitive
navand: transitive
navandin: transitive
navîn: transitive
nepix: intransitive
nepixand: transitive
nepixandin: transitive
nepixî: intransitive
nepixîn: transitive
nepixîn: intransitive
neqand: transitive
neqandin: transitive
neqîn: transitive
ner: transitive
nermijand: transitive
nermijandin: transitive
nermijîn: transitive
nerî: transitive
nerîn: transitive
nihand: transitive
nihandin: transitive
nihîn: transitive
nijinand: transitive
nijinandin: transitive
nijinîn: transitive
nikand: transitive
nikandin: transitive
nikiland: transitive
nikilandin: transitive
nikilîn: transitive
nikirand: transitive
nikirandin: transitive
nikirîn: transitive
nikîn: transitive
niqirand: transitive
niqirandin: transitive
niqirîn: transitive
niqniqand: transitive
niqniqandin: transitive
niqniqîn: transitive
nirxand: transitive
nirxandin: transitive
nirxîn: transitive
nitirand: transitive
nitirandin: transitive
nitirîn: transitive
nivand: transitive
nivandin: transitive
nivîn: transitive
nivîs: transitive
nivîsand: transitive
nivîsandin: transitive
nivîsî: transitive
nivîsîn: transitive
nivîsîn: transitive
niximand: transitive
niximandin: transitive
niximîn: transitive
noqand: transitive
noqandin: transitive
noqîn: transitive
norand: transitive
norandin: transitive
norîn: transitive
nîgarand: transitive
nîgarandin: transitive
nîgarîn: transitive
paland: transitive
palandin: transitive
palîn: transitive
pand: transitive
pandin: transitive
parast: transitive
parastin: transitive
partiland: transitive
partilandin: transitive
partilîn: transitive
parzand: transitive
parzandin: transitive
parzinand: transitive
parzinandin: transitive
parzinîn: transitive
parzîn: transitive
pejirand: transitive
pejirandin: transitive
pejirîn: transitive
pekand: transitive
pekandin: transitive
pekîn: transitive
peland: transitive
pelandin: transitive
pelix: intransitive
pelixand: transitive
pelixandin: transitive
pelixî: intransitive
pelixîn: transitive
pelixîn: intransitive
pelîn: transitive
pengand: transitive
pengandin: transitive
pengiz: intransitive
pengizand: transitive
pengizandin: transitive
pengizî: intransitive
pengizîn: transitive
pengizîn: intransitive
pengîn: transitive
penihand: transitive
penihandin: transitive
penihîn: transitive
peqand: transitive
peqandin: transitive
peqîn: transitive
perand: transitive
perandin: transitive
peresand: transitive
peresandin: transitive
peresîn: transitive
perisand: transitive
perisandin: transitive
perisîn: transitive
perit: intransitive
peritand: transitive
peritandin: transitive
peritî: intransitive
peritîn: transitive
peritîn: intransitive
perixand: transitive
perixandin: transitive
perixîn: transitive
perpitand: transitive
perpitandin: transitive
perpitîn: transitive
perîn: transitive
pesinand: transitive
pesinandin: transitive
pesinîn: transitive
pestand: transitive
pestandin: transitive
pestîn: transitive
peyand: transitive
peyandin: transitive
peyitand: transitive
peyitandin: transitive
peyitîn: transitive
peyivî: intransitive
peyivîn: intransitive
peyv: intransitive
peyîn: transitive
pifand: transitive
pifandin: transitive
pifîn: transitive
pijikand: transitive
pijikandin: transitive
pijikîn: transitive
pindivand: transitive
pindivandin: transitive
pindivîn: transitive
pirjand: transitive
pirjandin: transitive
pirjîn: transitive
pirs: transitive
pirsî: transitive
pirsîn: transitive
pirtikand: transitive
pirtikandin: transitive
pirtikîn: transitive
pistand: transitive
pistandin: transitive
pistîn: transitive
pitand: transitive
pitandin: transitive
pitikand: transitive
pitikandin: transitive
pitikîn: transitive
pitîn: transitive
poland: transitive
polandin: transitive
polîn: transitive
purand: transitive
purandin: transitive
purîn: transitive
pîn: transitive
pîpikand: transitive
pîpikandin: transitive
pîpikîn: transitive
qasidand: transitive
qasidandin: transitive
qasidîn: transitive
qebiland: transitive
qebilandin: transitive
qebilîn: transitive
qedand: transitive
qedandin: transitive
qedimand: transitive
qedimandin: transitive
qedimîn: transitive
qedirand: transitive
qedirandin: transitive
qedirîn: transitive
qedîn: transitive
qefalt: transitive
qefaltin: transitive
qefil: intransitive
qefiland: transitive
qefilandin: transitive
qefilî: intransitive
qefilîn: transitive
qefilîn: intransitive
qehir: intransitive
qehirand: transitive
qehirandin: transitive
qehirî: intransitive
qehirîn: transitive
qehirîn: intransitive
qeland: transitive
qelandin: transitive
qeliband: transitive
qelibandin: transitive
qelibîn: transitive
qelihand: transitive
qelihandin: transitive
qelihîn: transitive
qelip: intransitive
qelipî: intransitive
qelipîn: intransitive
qeliqand: transitive
qeliqandin: transitive
qeliqîn: transitive
qelîn: transitive
qemirand: transitive
qemirandin: transitive
qemirîn: transitive
qepitand: transitive
qepitandin: transitive
qepitîn: transitive
qerim: intransitive
qerimand: transitive
qerimandin: transitive
qerimî: intransitive
qerimîn: transitive
qerimîn: intransitive
qeris: intransitive
qerisand: transitive
qerisandin: transitive
qerisî: intransitive
qerisîn: transitive
qerisîn: intransitive
qesifand: transitive
qesifandin: transitive
qesifîn: transitive
qetand: transitive
qetandin: transitive
qetîn: transitive
qewimand: transitive
qewimandin: transitive
qewimîn: transitive
qewir: intransitive
qewirî: intransitive
qewirîn: intransitive
qewitand: transitive
qewitandin: transitive
qewitîn: transitive
qidqidand: transitive
qidqidandin: transitive
qidqidîn: transitive
qijiland: transitive
qijilandin: transitive
qijilîn: transitive
qilqil: intransitive
qilqilî: intransitive
qilqilîn: intransitive
qilvil: intransitive
qilvilî: intransitive
qilvilîn: intransitive
qoqiland: transitive
qoqilandin: transitive
qoqilîn: transitive
qulipand: transitive
qulipandin: transitive
qulipîn: transitive
qurifand: transitive
qurifandin: transitive
qurifîn: transitive
qusand: transitive
qusandin: transitive
qusîn: transitive
qutif: intransitive
qutifand: transitive
qutifandin: transitive
qutifî: intransitive
qutifîn: transitive
qutifîn: intransitive
ratekand: transitive
ratekandin: transitive
ratekîn: transitive
recifand: transitive
recifandin: transitive
recifîn: transitive
recmand: transitive
recmandin: transitive
recmîn: transitive
redand: transitive
redandin: transitive
redîn: transitive
reformand: transitive
reformandin: transitive
reformîn: transitive
rehimand: transitive
rehimandin: transitive
rehimîn: transitive
rengand: transitive
rengandin: transitive
rengîn: transitive
repand: transitive
repandin: transitive
repisand: transitive
repisandin: transitive
repisîn: transitive
repîn: transitive
reqand: transitive
reqandin: transitive
reqisand: transitive
reqisandin: transitive
reqisîn: transitive
reqîn: transitive
resimand: transitive
resimandin: transitive
resimîn: transitive
rev: intransitive
revand: transitive
revandin: transitive
revî: intransitive
revîn: transitive
revîn: intransitive
rewisand: transitive
rewisandin: transitive
rewisîn: transitive
rexsand: transitive
rexsandin: transitive
rexsîn: transitive
ricricand: transitive
ricricandin: transitive
ricricîn: transitive
rihil: intransitive
rihiland: transitive
rihilandin: transitive
rihilî: intransitive
rihilîn: transitive
rihilîn: intransitive
rijand: transitive
rijandin: transitive
rijîn: transitive
rikiband: transitive
rikibandin: transitive
rikibîn: transitive
ris: intransitive
risand: transitive
risandin: transitive
risiya: intransitive
risiyan: intransitive
rist: transitive
ristin: transitive
risîn: transitive
rizand: transitive
rizandin: transitive
rizîn: transitive
ruxand: transitive
ruxandin: transitive
ruxîn: transitive
rîxand: transitive
rîxandin: transitive
rîxîn: transitive
saloxand: transitive
saloxandin: transitive
saloxîn: transitive
sazand: transitive
sazandin: transitive
sazîn: transitive
sediqand: transitive
sediqandin: transitive
sediqîn: transitive
sefand: transitive
sefandin: transitive
sefîn: transitive
sekin: intransitive
sekin: intransitive
sekinand: transitive
sekinandin: transitive
sekinîn: transitive
sekinîn: intransitive
sekitand: transitive
sekitandin: transitive
sekitîn: transitive
selixand: transitive
selixandin: transitive
selixîn: transitive
selmand: transitive
selmandin: transitive
selmîn: transitive
sengand: transitive
sengandin: transitive
sengîn: transitive
sepand: transitive
sepandin: transitive
sepîn: transitive
seqand: transitive
seqandin: transitive
seqîn: transitive
serfetihand: transitive
serfetihandin: transitive
serfetihîn: transitive
serifand: transitive
serifandin: transitive
serifîn: transitive
seyand: transitive
seyandin: transitive
seyîn: transitive
silikand: transitive
silikandin: transitive
silikîn: transitive
sincir: intransitive
sincirand: transitive
sincirandin: transitive
sincirî: intransitive
sincirîn: transitive
sincirîn: intransitive
sinifand: transitive
sinifandin: transitive
sinifîn: transitive
sirand: transitive
sirandin: transitive
sirîn: transitive
spart: transitive
spartin: transitive
stand: transitive
standin: transitive
stîn: transitive
surand: transitive
surandin: transitive
surîn: transitive
sîqiland: transitive
sîqilandin: transitive
sîqilîn: transitive
tacand: transitive
tacandin: transitive
tacîn: transitive
tawand: transitive
tawandin: transitive
tawîn: transitive
tefand: transitive
tefandin: transitive
tefîn: transitive
tehiband: transitive
tehibandin: transitive
tehibîn: transitive
tehisand: transitive
tehisandin: transitive
tehisîn: transitive
telefand: transitive
telefandin: transitive
telefîn: transitive
telifand: transitive
telifandin: transitive
telifîn: transitive
temirand: transitive
temirandin: transitive
temirîn: transitive
temisand: transitive
temisandin: transitive
temisîn: transitive
tepand: transitive
tepandin: transitive
tepisand: transitive
tepisandin: transitive
tepisîn: transitive
tepîn: transitive
teqand: transitive
teqandin: transitive
teqîn: transitive
teriband: transitive
teribandin: transitive
teribîn: transitive
terpil: intransitive
terpilî: intransitive
terpilîn: intransitive
tevizand: transitive
tevizandin: transitive
tevizîn: transitive
tewand: transitive
tewandin: transitive
tewirand: transitive
tewirandin: transitive
tewirîn: transitive
tewizand: transitive
tewizandin: transitive
tewizîn: transitive
tewîn: transitive
teyisand: transitive
teyisandin: transitive
teyisîn: transitive
tezand: transitive
tezandin: transitive
tezîn: transitive
tirkand: transitive
tirkandin: transitive
tirkîn: transitive
tirs: intransitive
tirsand: transitive
tirsandin: transitive
tirsî: intransitive
tirsîn: transitive
tirsîn: intransitive
vavart: transitive
vavartin: transitive
veserand: transitive
veserandin: transitive
veserîn: transitive
viritand: transitive
viritandin: transitive
viritîn: transitive
viya: transitive
vîn: transitive
wehirand: transitive
wehirandin: transitive
wehirîn: transitive
welidand: transitive
welidandin: transitive
welidîn: transitive
werand: transitive
werandin: transitive
werim: intransitive
werimand: transitive
werimandin: transitive
werimî: intransitive
werimîn: transitive
werimîn: intransitive
werwirand: transitive
werwirandin: transitive
werwirîn: transitive
werîn: transitive
wesifand: transitive
wesifandin: transitive
wesifîn: transitive
westand: transitive
westandin: transitive
westîn: transitive
wirwirand: transitive
wirwirandin: transitive
wirwirîn: transitive
x: transitive
xapand: transitive
xapandin: transitive
xapîn: transitive
xebit: intransitive
xebitand: transitive
xebitandin: transitive
xebitî: intransitive
xebitîn: transitive
xebitîn: intransitive
xefirand: transitive
xefirandin: transitive
xefirîn: transitive
xel: intransitive
xelî: intransitive
xelîn: intransitive
xemil: intransitive
xemiland: transitive
xemilandin: transitive
xemilî: intransitive
xemilîn: transitive
xemilîn: intransitive
xeniqand: transitive
xeniqandin: transitive
xeniqîn: transitive
xericand: transitive
xericandin: transitive
xericîn: transitive
xeriqand: transitive
xeriqandin: transitive
xeriqîn: transitive
xeritand: transitive
xeritandin: transitive
xeritîn: transitive
xetand: transitive
xetandin: transitive
xetimand: transitive
xetimandin: transitive
xetimîn: transitive
xetîn: transitive
xewand: transitive
xewandin: transitive
xewixand: transitive
xewixandin: transitive
xewixîn: transitive
xewîn: transitive
xeyidand: transitive
xeyidandin: transitive
xeyidîn: transitive
xinzirand: transitive
xinzirandin: transitive
xinzirîn: transitive
xirand: transitive
xirandin: transitive
xirîn: transitive
xist: transitive
xistin: transitive
xopand: transitive
xopandin: transitive
xopîn: transitive
xufirand: transitive
xufirandin: transitive
xufirîn: transitive
xuliqand: transitive
xuliqandin: transitive
xuliqîn: transitive
xurand: transitive
xurandin: transitive
xurtand: transitive
xurtandin: transitive
xurtîn: transitive
xurîn: transitive
xusirand: transitive
xusirandin: transitive
xusirîn: transitive
xuyand: transitive
xuyandin: transitive
xuyîn: transitive
xw: transitive
xwar: transitive
xwarin: transitive
xwast: transitive
xwastin: transitive
xwaz: transitive
xwaz: transitive
xwend: transitive
xwendin: transitive
xwest: transitive
xwestin: transitive
xwîn: transitive
zan: transitive
zanî: transitive
zanîn: transitive
zel: intransitive
zeliland: transitive
zelilandin: transitive
zelilîn: transitive
zeliq: intransitive
zeliqand: transitive
zeliqandin: transitive
zeliqî: intransitive
zeliqîn: transitive
zeliqîn: intransitive
zelî: intransitive
zelîn: intransitive
zemitand: transitive
zemitandin: transitive
zemitîn: transitive
zerand: transitive
zerandin: transitive
zerîn: transitive
zewic: intransitive
zewicand: transitive
zewicandin: transitive
zewicî: intransitive
zewicîn: transitive
zewicîn: intransitive
zextand: transitive
zextandin: transitive
zextîn: transitive
zilqitand: transitive
zilqitandin: transitive
zilqitîn: transitive
zirxand: transitive
zirxandin: transitive
zirxîn: transitive
zivir: intransitive
zivirand: transitive
zivirandin: transitive
zivirr: intransitive
zivirrî: intransitive
zivirrîn: intransitive
zivirî: intransitive
zivirîn: transitive
zivirîn: intransitive
zîzand: transitive
zîzandin: transitive
zîzîn: transitive
în: transitive
